README.md, before:


# < ThilinaDilshan />

<h1 align="center">Hey 👋 I am Thilina Dilshan</h1>
<h3 align="center"> A passionate full stack software developer who love to learn </h3>
<h3> <a href="https://skyline.github.com/thilina4321" target="_blank"> Skyline </a> </h3>


<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=thilina4321&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="thilina4321" /> </p>


- 🔭 I’m undergraduate at **Institute of technology university of Moratuwa**

- 🌱 I am loving to develop software applications

- 💬 Love to talk, about **MERN STACK**


- I Have hands on industry experience of **REACT , NODE , NEXT.Js and MONDOGB**


- Also have work with technologies like **ANGULAR , FLUTTER , VUE and DOCKER**



<h3 align="left">Languages, Frameworks and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://aws.amazon.com/amplify/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://angular.io/assets/images/logos/angular/angular.svg" alt="angular" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://angular.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dart.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/dartlang/dartlang-icon.svg" alt="dart" width="40" height="40"/> </a>   <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flutter.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/flutterio/flutterio-icon.svg" alt="flutter" width="40" height="40"/> </a>  <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a>   <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a>   <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactnative.dev/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">  </p>
  
  
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=thilina4321&layout=compact&theme=dark)](https://github.com/thilina4321/github-readme-stats)


[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=thilina4321&theme=onedark)](https://github.com/thilina4321/github-profile-trophy)
  
<img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=thilina4321&theme=dark"/>

Commit message:

Update by adding rest and graphQL api

README.md, after:


# < ThilinaDilshan />

<h1 align="center">Hey 👋 I am Thilina Dilshan</h1>
<h3 align="center"> A passionate full stack software developer who love to learn </h3>
<h3> <a href="https://skyline.github.com/thilina4321" target="_blank"> Skyline </a> </h3>


<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=thilina4321&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="thilina4321" /> </p>


- 🔭 I’m undergraduate at **Institute of technology university of Moratuwa**

- 🌱 I am loving to develop software applications

- 💬 Love to talk, about **MERN STACK**


- I Have hands on industry experience of **REACT , NODE , NEXT.Js and MONDOGB**

- I Have worked with the both rest and graphQL**


- Also have work with technologies like **ANGULAR , FLUTTER , VUE and DOCKER**



<h3 align="left">Languages, Frameworks and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://aws.amazon.com/amplify/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://angular.io/assets/images/logos/angular/angular.svg" alt="angular" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://angular.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dart.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/dartlang/dartlang-icon.svg" alt="dart" width="40" height="40"/> </a>   <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flutter.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/flutterio/flutterio-icon.svg" alt="flutter" width="40" height="40"/> </a>  <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a>   <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a>   <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactnative.dev/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">  </p>
  
  
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=thilina4321&layout=compact&theme=dark)](https://github.com/thilina4321/github-readme-stats)


[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=thilina4321&theme=onedark)](https://github.com/thilina4321/github-profile-trophy)
  
<img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=thilina4321&theme=dark"/>
